Look, I don't want to hurt Archer.
-[sighing]
-Oh, thank God.
-But I will.
-[Pam] Goddamn it.
Every hour on the hour.
That's company policy,
and I am a stickler.
A stickler?
Is that like the one up your ass-ler?
-Didn't quite get there.
-It's simple, really.
Give me the memory stick or Archer dies.
-[all gasp]
-Damn.
I should've saved
the stick thing for that one.
-Look, we want Archer back, but we--
-We'll do it.
But where is Ms. Archer?
I'd like confirmation from her.
She's distraught, but she deputized me
to make decisions on her behalf.
-Wait, Malory never--
-And one of those decisions is shut up.
And just for a bit of added incentive,
know I'll be beating Archer
until the exchange takes place.
Ta, then.
So that's it?
We're really gonna give him
the blueprints to an energy source
that could kill a billion people
if he weaponized it?
And why exactly are you here?
She's here to assess
the environmental impact of that gadget.
So the detonation of a nuclear fusion
weapon, that would be bad?
-Well, yes.
-If only you'd gotten here sooner.
Where in the world is Malory, anyway?
Oh, so we have to reveal
every part of our intricate plan
-so you can blab it everywhere?
-[sighs] We don't know.
Can we please coordinate lies in advance?
I'm flailing out here
like a one-armed milker on meth.
[Fabian] Pardon our dust. Moving in.
Expand or die, you know?
Although the second
is really your only option here.
Hey, I'm handcuffed
and he just threatened to kill me.
Maybe you could,
I don't know, call the police?
I get it. Don't wanna jeopardize
this lucrative job
of picking stuff up
and later putting it back down.
-Check your privilege.
-I'll never do that and you know it.
Welcome to your accommodations.
I trust you'll be comfortable
for four seconds.
Which are over.
That would sound more sinister
if you weren't
standing next to
a giant tub of jelly beans.
It's like if
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory
were exactly as creepy as it currently is.
Hey, bud. What did the five fingers
say to Archer?
Uh, nice to see you?
[grunts]
No, they didn't say that.
They don't have mouths.
Man, this doesn't seem fair, does it?
[grunting]
Hey, Other Barry, could I talk to Barry?
Sure. You mind if I just
keep laying 'em in here?
-Yes.
-I thought so.
Hey, bud. Barry here.
Fabian tried to hack my central processor
and I guess
he kind of unleashed Other Barry.
And, man, does Other Barry not like you.
I really do consider you
one of my best friends, despite all this.
Yeah, I'd cry if I had access
to my tear ducts right now,
but I got no control, bud.
Other Barry is running the show.
Don't worry. I'll do it for both of us.
-[groans]
-And again,
-I couldn't be sorrier about all this.
-You could try.
-See you in an hour, then.
-Oh, you will.
And I've got everything I need right here.
Also, I'm probably severely concussed,
which is why I'm talking to myself.
Right, Archer?
Right, Other Archer.
No, no, no. Let's not start that shit.
So what is the maximum mass of a star
that will not go supernova?
Uh. Ooh! Estelle Getty!
I got a good feeling about that one.
This is so much better than
watching my ocelot eat endangered birds.
-So how's this going?
-About like you'd expect.
Next question.
Who was your favorite Golden Girl?
-Uh, Chandrasekhar limit.
-That isn't-- Wait a second.
Look, we need to figure out where Archer
is and I don't think this is helping.
Isn't there anything in Singapore that
you picked up, other than gonorrhea?
Ugh, poor people disease.
I'm strictly spirochetes.
Wait. Colt, didn't we find,
like, a thing in your old apartment?
Oh, yeah. I meant to analyze this.
But you were too busy
exploring the golden age of television?
Oh, so I'm supposed to keep track
of everything I'm supposed to be doing?
Yeah, that makes a lot of sense.
[sighs] If I apply power, I should be able
to get a handle on what it does.
-[electronic screeching]
-[all groaning]
Jesus. Did we just contact the monolith?
That was a radio signal!
I'll try to trace it.
It's a backdoor into the IIA mainframe.
I think I built the mainframe.
[all gasp]
Hey, guys, I think it's possible
I wasn't a very good person.
Well, what's important
is that you're a good guy now.
And all it took was
destroying 8% of your brain.
[chuckles] Thank you. Wait, what?
Oh, did I not tell you that? Yeah,
it's like, zip, gone. Totally destroyed.
Well, lookee here.
You running, squirrel meat?
No, just heading to lunch
with all the stuff I ever brought here.
[sighs] Fine, I was leaving.
Since we're about to be
responsible for the apocalypse,
if I leave now, maybe I won't
end up in a bone cage
where I'm slowly revenge-eaten by mutants.
Okay, weirdo. That's why I'm staying.
[scoffs] No, Ray, we need you.
-You were an employee of IIA.
-I'm temp to perm!
This is just HR talking here,
but I know that that would give you
limited access to their system and
a general sense of how it's structured.
Dukes. Damn your HR acumen.
[sighs] So what's the plan here?
-We go get Archer.
-That's the plan?
Yeah. I mean, a frontal assault
on an IIA compound?
I don't know. They seem pretty good.
I mean, sure, we're gonna kick
their asses, but, like, are we?
So, what? A sternly worded letter?
I got my pen, and it's mightier
than a sword full of word poison.
Look at you, about to roll over
to these boring overlords.
Where's your self-respect?
You used to be the best
in the world at this!
-Jesus, neck bones is right.
-Goddamn it, I am in.
-Let's do this.
-Wait, you guys, I was being sarcastic.
You all suck and you always have.
Note to self: work on voice tone.
Invisible tape recorder off. Boop.
Oh, come on.
We're playing hide and seek now?
Red rover, red rover, let Archer--
Shit, wait, that's the wrong game.
[shouts]
So, this was the plan, bud?
The coffee pot
was to breach your exterior,
the staples were to, uh, jam your gears.
Jam my gears?
I have frictionless bearings.
I'm a wonder of modern technology,
not a freaking cuckoo clock.
-Come on.
-Okay, I get it.
Think I'd go through
the trouble of making myself
a death robot whose only weakness
is office supplies?
Fine. You don't have to
be a dick about it.
I wanted to make a blender glove,
but that stuff wasn't here.
-Then I got distracted by the jelly beans.
-Blender glove.
All right.
That might have been cool. Okay.
Uh, Barry, are you in there?
-Hey, bud.
-Can you talk to Other Barry, here?
Uh, sure thing. Hey, Other Barry,
uh, why do you wanna do this?
I have a really great answer to that,
and it's "shut up."
Classic avoidance. Afraid of what
you might find, Other Barry?
You had sex with my fiancée
and dropped me from a building. Twice.
Which made me into this.
A mechanical demigod? Come on, man.
We experience sex in eight dimensions now.
Wow, you do?
Maybe you should drop me off a building.
Oh, I'm planning on it.
Would you stop throwing boxes?
It's really annoying.
Other Barry, you're not a person.
You're the rage I felt at Archer.
I pushed you deep down
-into my metaprogramming.
-Wait, really?
You're the part of me
I tried to get rid of.
Well, I'm still here. Okay, Archer?
Barry, heal thyself.
Seriously, shut up.
Archer!
♪ Ring around the rosies ♪
That-- Damn it, that's not it either.
Archer, he's coming.
You probably know that,
but honestly it feels weird and helpless
to ride around on a psychopath,
so I'm just saying stuff to feel alive.
You again? I was about to get away.
Uh, I think he had you.
Uh, might wanna try behind him.
-[chuckles] Man, I like this guy.
-Oh, come on.
What kind of world would it be if every
person I insulted made my life worse?
I don't know, a better one?
And that's lunch.
See you in an hour, champ.
Great, now I landed on my keys.
Wait, I don't have keys on me. How did I--
That mover slipped it into my pocket.
I take back everything I said about you.
Well, I take back 60% of what I said.
No need to overreact.
[sighs]
[voice breaking] We'll do the exchange.
Just don't hurt him anymore.
-[line disconnects]
-[normal voice] Remember,
-this is a nonlethal mission.
-Wait, for real?
I want them alive to relive the pain
we're about to inflict on them
over and over again.
There's my girl.
[typing]
And we're go.
Nice. Extensive bathroom coverage.
Just two peas in a pervert pod.
-Hey, I'm working on one of those.
-Okay.
We can all agree I look banging in this,
but how are we gonna get in this place?
They've got at least two guards
at every entrance.
Right, but now that we're in their system,
I'll just leave a couple negative
performance reviews and--
I appreciate the creativity,
but won't that take--
Suspended. Trust me.
This place is more uptight
than a preacher's wife at an orgy.
And you liked working there?
-They had great snacks!
-At the orgy?
See? That right there makes me wonder
why I'm taking her inside.
Hey, I have extensive training in--
Not anything. So wait, same question.
You need to go in there and sow chaos.
I want that place looking like
an escaped tiger hit Mardi Gras.
Everything has led me to this.
Uh, where were you carrying that?
-Cyril and I are gonna go get Archer.
-Here you go.
These should get you through the building.
And if they don't, my bad.
Has anybody heard from Ms. Archer at all?
Seems like she'd wanna be a part of this.
Hey, yeah. Where is Ms. Archer?
No. Nothing. No way.
I mean, it's just weird how not at all
I've heard from her.
Something you'd like
to share with the class, Pam?
Uh, no.
There's not a secret you want tell
'cause it's so secret?
[stammering] I… Mmm. Fine!
Fine! I'll tell you.
I've been thinking about getting bangs.
[fake sobs]
It feels so good to let it out.
-Nice cover.
-Whew, that was close, huh?
[Cyril] Oh, come on.
[elevator bell dings]
-Hey, hold up.
-[phone chimes]
I'm fired? Oh, my God,
what am I gonna tell my wife?
Susan's gonna leave me.
-Damn it, Archer.
-Hey, gang.
[chuckles] Yeah, it still works like that.
Thanks for checking, though.
-Oh, hey.
So I managed to escape right when you guys
were running a rescue mission
and now everyone is inside
with a schizo death cyborg?
-Uh, yes?
-How is your timing so bad?
-One could argue that your--
-Shut up.
Give me a Tactile Cane
and everything else in the van.
Everything?
Who knows what we'll need
to take down Barry?
Mind-meld helmet,
the shock paddles, everything.
You mean, like, everything-everything?
We don't need the stuff you use
to, like, circle jerk with ghosts.
Well, to be fair, that stuff is mine.
If they're sticky,
that's ectoplasm and nothing else.
-We've gotta get out of here.
-No, we need to find Archer first.
[Colt] Hey, just for, like, your FYI,
Archer actually made it out on his own.
[Krieger] Don't worry, he's on his way
back in to get you guys out.
What? So the same thing can happen again?
[Colt] Yeesh. I hope not.
[laughs] That would suck.
Especially 'cause the building's on fire.
[cackling]
-[shouting]
-What the hell?
Did you drug all those people?
No. I just put angel dust
in one of the watercoolers.
They drank that water
out of their own free choicing.
Not what "free choice" means.
[Barry shouts]
Okay. Maybe more running?
I suppose I'm looking
for a reason my guards are leaving,
and the rest of my employees
are stark raving bonkers.
Well, I'd like to state for the record
that you are not a golden being of light,
-but are, in fact--
-[gun cocks]
fired.
So are you here to find Archer,
or shoot me?
Because I actually have
a preference on that.
Both.
-Freeze!
-Don't move.
I was this close to feeling regret.
Would've been a first for me.
Incidentally,
why are you dressed like that?
Isn't it obvious?
[coughing]
[grunting]
Guess the old gal's still got it.
Damn it. You weren't supposed
to set fire to the whole building.
No one said that!
At least it's sexier now.
[humming]
That's not a song.
Come on, guys. You can beat him.
Use what's around you.
Will you shut up?
Archer already tried that, and it was--
Ah!
These are delicate optical sensors.
Do you have any idea how much these cost?
-[Pam] More than your head?
-Do what now?
Now, I go into your mind and take you
apart from the inside. Hit it, Krieger!
Yeah. My skull is shielded.
But I have to know,
what exactly did you think would happen?
I thought I'd maybe go inside your mind
and there'd be a Barry
and a separate Other Barry.
-And?
-And Other Barry would be
some kind of Gigeresque monstrosity,
and then Barry and I
would defeat Other Barry
in some kind of metaphorical combat
which would forever
extinguish Other Barry.
-And?
-Barry and I would be friends again.
[laughs]
God, what happened to you?
I'll tell you what happened. Friendship.
Whatever.
Now that's what I call-- [grunts]
-Mother?
-Well, don't just stand there, idiots.
Do something!
[shrieks]
Archer, I can do a hard reboot
from inside here,
-but you have to stun me.
-[shouts]
-Just do it.
-But you'll die.
Nothing can change that now.
[shouts]
Now-- Now, Krieger.
[grunts, splutters]
[coughing]
Thanks, bud. Hard reboot now.
-You saved my life, Barry.
-No, you saved mine.
Um, how?
I don't know. Just felt right to say.
Good night,
sweet me.
No!
Wait, that shock brought some things back.
I built the IIA system and I know
how to take down the entire company.
-All we gotta do is--
-[gunshot]
[whimpers]
You betrayed me.
You were like a brother to me.
I-- I was? [grunts]
Oh, that's unsatisfying.
You guys get out. I'll take Fabian.
Just make sure Mother is safe.
Oh, I guess she already left
at some point. Right.
-Gotta hang on, man.
-No, this is it. Just promise me.
Anything. What?
Do more science.
Just really weird, fucked-up shit.
Stuff where even you're like,
"Man, I shouldn't have done that."
Do that.
[sobbing] I will.
[whispers] Thank you for being a friend.
-[exhales]
-[sobbing]
Um, hate to interrupt,
but let's get out of here.
-[gunshot]
-Not getting away that easy.
You know, that cane is appropriate.
You're old. Your time has passed.
The modern world has no use
for your little spy boutique.
You might as well be selling buggy whips.
Yeah? Maybe I should sell teeth instead.
Why would you sell-- Ooh! [spits]
-And we have a buyer.
-Right.
[grunts]
Now, let's try that again.
[shouts]
The almighty Archer,
barely a shadow of your former self.
-You know, I should thank you.
-This ought to be good.
I hate you so much,
I think I just realized
I don't need my cane anymore.
[creaking, rumbling]
[shouts]
[groaning]
God, I hate this hallway.
Thanks for creating
an escape route for me.
I guess you have a choice:
try to come after me,
or drag your friend out of here.
Ta-ta.
[groans]
-You again?
-So it would appear.
Why did you help me
even after I insulted you?
Why else are we here?
Wow. I need to hang out with more movers.
[sighs] Robert?
How did it go? I'm on tenterhooks here.
Well, we got Archer back
and burned down a building.
-Ah, good. And the memory stick?
-We'll figure it out in the morning.
-We were too tired to deal with it.
-[shower running]
You know, I find it odd
that an environmentalist
would have the shower going
while he's in bed.
And also-- Okay, you are naked.
Lana, I know what it looks like,
and that's exactly what it is.
-I understand it's awkward.
-Awkward?
That word seems to trigger you.
Was I wrong in assuming we had evolved
into a de facto open marriage?
Why would you assume that?
-Wait, did you talk to Archer?
-Yes. We had a conversation.
That chatty, soon-to-be-dead man.
Look, what happened in Japan
is not even close to this.
Wait, what happened in Japan?
It was-- Uh, is that not
what we're talking about?
I was talking with him when
you got that bartender's phone number.
It was a receipt. And that was enough
for you to cheat on me?
-And what about Japan?
-You didn't even know about that.
This is about you being
so jealous over a phone number--
I mean, a receipt!
So you thought
it was a phone number? I knew it!
I almost died today, okay? Like, a lot.
Well, we didn't know that
because you cut us out of the whole thing.
Wait a minute, who's "us"?
Ugh, I got tired
of waiting in the bathroom.
Yep. I'm out.
Stupid bouncer.
Maybe you have unprocessed trauma
that you're expressing as hostility.
And, by the way,
when did bouncers get so insightful?
-[woman crying]
-Huh?
[sniffles]
-Should we wait for Mother, Pam?
-Don't look at me.
She just told me to coordinate
the rescue with her.
She didn't wanna tell you guys
because she thought you'd blab
and blow her element of surprise.
And she told you?
A woman whose loose lips
have sunk so many ships
they should be named "Admiral Nelson"
and "concept of torpedoes"?
Well, pardon me for experiencing
emotional growth, you dick.
I guess we start without her.
So, now that we're all rested,
ideas for the memory stick?
Really? Nothing? So we slept on it
for no discernible reason?
[Robert] Well, not no discernible reason.
I think you can all relax.
I don't think another infusion of cash
is going to make a difference.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
I'm done burning money.
I sold the agency to a well-funded
equity group, United Money Partners.
You could destroy the chip
and stay afloat.
United Money Partners, LLC.
Looks like that's owned
by a General Business, Inc.,
which is actually a shell company
owned by YYZ.
Zed.
Which is in turn owned
by a majority stakeholder named--
[Fabian] Fabian Kingsworth.
I was just so impressed
with your initiative,
grit and improvisation last night,
I knew that IIA had to acquire you.
-Yes!
-Really?
They have great snacks.
Archer, I hate to use the term "fun fact,"
but did you know that
as part of a tax dodge,
your apartment and everything in it
is property of the agency
and therefore mine?
And so is that memory stick.
-Not so fast.
-What now?
Yeah. Curious where
you're going with this.
There's one thing
you fail to understand, Fabian,
and when I reveal it, you will realize
that you have been taken for a fool.
And what's that, Archer?
So, what kinda snacks we talking about?
-Hey. I don't think you wanna do that.
-No, let him.
Give me that.
"My dearest Sterling,
do you remember what I told you
on your first day of training?
You probably don't, but it was,
'Always know where the exits are.'
And with all the chaos
and confusion of late,
I thought it would be wise
to make my own exit
in my own time,
on my own terms and in a way
that I can never be found by my enemies
or all my lovesick paramours,
who are literally countless."
Ugh.
"And so I've decided
that it's time to pass the torch.
-Try not to burn yourselves with it."
-[torch ignites]
What? It relaxes me.
"And I know my decision may seem abrupt,
but we don't always get
to choose the perfect moment.
Take care of yourselves,
especially you, my Sterling,
because from wherever I am,
I'll be watching over you.
Love, Mother."
[Malory] If I see this glass empty again,
I will be very unhappy.
And how is my lady love?
Infinitely better now.
[waves lapping gently]